Clarify details about versioning and limitations (#1627)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/management/undo-drop-table-command.md

---
# .undo drop table

> The `.undo drop table` command reverts a drop table operation to a specific database version.
> 
> That database version is the one before the drop operation was executed, and corresponds to the highest minor version of one major version before the one assigned by the DROP-TABLE event written in the journal when the table was dropped. More details on how to get such version can be found in the **How to find the required database version** section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.undo drop table` command reverts a drop table operation to a specific database version. The database version must be the version prior to the table deletion. To find the correct version to use with the command, follow the instructions in [How to find the required database version](#how-to-find-the-required-datatbase-version).
```
